c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\ground.xnb
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Pixel.xnb
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\player.xnb
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\wall.xnb
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\CaveGame.exe
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\CaveGame.pdb
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\obj\x86\Release\CaveGame.exe
c:\users\jdavidson\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\obj\x86\Release\CaveGame.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\obj\x86\Release\CaveGame.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\obj\x86\Release\CaveGame.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\ground.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Pixel.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\player.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\wall.xnb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\CaveGame.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\CaveGame.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\obj\x86\Release\CaveGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CaveGame\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\player2.xnb
